# 2020-04-30 Meeting Notes
Antitrust notice: See [README](https://github.com/accordproject/governance)

## Agenda
- Formation and confirmation of the initial TSC per the Charter, pending the first election
- Executive Governance Board: should there be a standing governance board for oversight and administration?
- Election eligibility, process, infrastructure, and dates
- Status of governance and tsc repos
- Status of GitHub teams
- Infrastructure: 1password and moving any existing infrastructure under Accord Project and LF 
- WG changes - removals and additions
  - Removal of inactive WGs?
  - Addition of an End-User Advisory Group?
- Upcoming revisions to AP website
- Next TSC meeting date
- AoB

## Recap
- N/A

## Notes
- We should always recite the antitrust notice when we enter the meeting
- Was done the last time
- Meeting with Scott (LF) about best practices:
  - Should document everything
  - Permanent Governing Board is optional
  - Infrastructure is a lot of work and may be a separate “project” (WG?)
- TSC should be at least 6 persons for the first election, aim to increase to at least 8 for subsequent election cycles
- Eligibility for the election and voting - commit in the 12 months prior to the end of the nomination period; public nomination process via Github issues in the TSC repo;  voting tool TBC (attributes: anonymous voting, email tied to Github); 2 months nomination and 2 months voting; Starting date TBC in May. 1 person, 1 vote + run-off (if necessary). 
- Commit a .md version of the Charter rather than a PDF to track changes
- Github Teams for Contributors, Maintainers, and TSC
- Infrastructure: Move away from commercial paid-services for transparency; move to Github pages from Netlify; 1PW; Website - Wordpress → static site (TSC workstream)? Hosting? Domain name - LF
- Remove unused Slack channels; add suitable channels for tech + end-users
- Contact existing WG leads
- .md description of the election process and establish an initial Github issue
- Debt infrastructure management (post-LF costs against future budget)

## Action Items
- (**Peter Hunn**): Exec Board, not TSC Chair; separate governance and TSC; creating the Board. Look at TSC Mission Statement and the delineation between the two entities. 
- (**Peter Hunn**): Test waters for End-User Advisory Group - need someone to lead; how to use the tech stack and get feedback on requirements/features
- (**Peter Hunn**): `README` updates to Governance repo and TSC repo (if needed)
- (**Peter Hunn**): PAR for IEEE

## Attendees
- Peter Hunn
- Jolene Langlinais
- Dan Selman
- Jerome Simeon
