# 2020-12-03 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

##### Standardise approach to CI/CD [Issue #4](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/4)
- In progress.
- _**ACTION**_ - Martin to follow up with colleague who has used Github Actions and provide feedback to Jerome on suitability for NPM deployments.

##### Hosting of Accord Project Services [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5) [Issue #6](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/6)
- In progress.
- Martin to create sheet to track operational expenses.

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)

- Nikolay Vlasov's project [frbrkoala/accord-qldb-lambda](https://github.com/frbrkoala/accord-qldb-lambda) has been migrated to into the Accord Project's repos at [accordproject/aws-qldb-lambda](https://github.com/accordproject/aws-qldb-lambda).
- Appropriate licence changes and signing of DCO were completed.
- Repo labelled as "INCUBATION" to indicate it is in Incubation Lab.
- Exit Criteria yet to be defined. 

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)

- No action required. Being handled by Tech WG.

##### Replacement of Moment.js

- No action required. Being handled by Tech WG.

### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Jolene provided context.
- See details in [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16).
- _**TLDR;**_ Agreed that it would be a good idea for Accord Project to continued to be involved in GSoC but need to encourage new mentors to step up.

### Vimeo Problems [Issue #17](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/17)
- Issue caused by billing problem and resolved with a credit card. (Thanks @Dan!)
- _**ACTION**_ - Include Vimeo in list of hosted services required by Accord Project.

### Next TSC Meeting

- Due to New Years Eve, the 31-Dec meeting has been canceled. 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 28 Jan 2021.