# 2021-01-29 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Dan Selman
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted. No discussion. 

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to CI/CD [Issue #4](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/4)
- Jerome reported he's happy with CI/CD using GitHub Actions.
- Was used and validated for recent Concerto alpha release.
- Next steps are to migrate other repos and disable Travis, and migrate Ergo compiler from CircleCI.

##### Hosting of Accord Project Services [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5) [Issue #6](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/6)
- No plan to action changes to hosting any time soon.
- Paused for time being.

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- Nikolay Vlasov's code has been deployed to respective Accord repo and tagged as "Incubation".
- Exit criteria still to be defined but can address when time comes.
- Paused for time being.

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)

- No action required. Being handled by Tech WG.
- Paused for time being.

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)

- No action required. 
- Could be a potential candidate for GSoC.

##### Replacement of Moment.js [Issue #15](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/15)

- Has been handled and completed by Tech WG.
- Closed as completed.

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Extensive discussion on benefits/obligations of GSoC.
- Decided that Accord would participate in GSoC for 2021 but actively seek mentors to contribute.

##### Vimeo Problems [Issue #17](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/17)
- Issue and has been included in list of hosted services required by Accord Project.
- Closed as completed.

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- Current Slack free-tier plan has limitations on number of sign-ups and has a expiration dates.
- This causes an administrative burden each month as the signup links need to be recreated.
- ACTION: Martin to investigate alternatives.
- ACTION: Dan to play around with APIs.

##### Sponsorship Packages [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Dan created a Sponsorship Packages "straw man" as a discussion point.
- Aim to enable Accord in become financially independent of Clause.
- ACTION: Antonis (Note from minute taker - Can't actually remember what Antonis was going to action!)

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 25 Feb 2021.
