# 2021-03-04 Exceptional TSC Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Dan Selman
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Tom Brooke

## Agenda

##### Sponsorship Packages [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Antonis had meeting with Linux Foundation and obtained further details around how LF can support the Accord Project with managing finances etc.
- Two questions:
	- What are the advantages/disadvantages of Accord Project creating its own entity versus being managed by the Linux Foundation.
	- If the Accord Project did create its own 502(c)(3) entity then what effect would that have on the Accord Projects status as a Linux Foundation project.
- LF have three models.
	- Crowd Funding 
		- which is a fund raising / expense claiming model only.
		- suitable for small projects.
		- money raised does not expire and can be used indefinitely for that small project.
	- Direct Funding
		- e.g. a company directly donates a sum of money for a specific initiative.
		- requires donating entity to sign a single-page agreement with LF.
		- LF charges a 9% fee for managing the process.
		- All money goes through the 501(c)(6) entity that LF have established.
		- Funds are directly available to AP and the funds do not expire.
	- Membership Model
		- Closer to the 501(c)(3) model previously considered.
		- AP Board establishes a yearly budget and various initiatives for budgetary spending, and creates a membership model with LF.
		- This allows AP create a structure where AP can have sponsors and various levels of members who can contribute to AP financially.
		- LF charge 9% fee for this service as monies passing through the LF 501(c)(6) entity.
		- This is a common method for larger projects to raise funds within LF.
		- Has considerable advantages over AP setting up its own 501(c)(3) entity being that no need for auditing, no need for annual IRS filings, etc..etc.. as LF take care of all administrative tasks.
		- Allows AP to raise money not attached to specific events.
		- AP becomes a "sub-entity" within the LF entity. LF take over payong all bills etc.  
		- No need for AP to have its own bank account.
		- No need for named cards in individuals' names.

- LF stated that, if AP decided to create its own 501(c)(3) entity then there would be no effect on LF's relationship with AP, although LF expressed a preference for not being a services company to AP.
- No time commitment.  AP could choose to establish its own 501(c)(3) entity at a later date and stop using the LF membership model.
- The LF membership model would support simple paying of bills etc. but would probably not support employing members of staff under AP.  We need to clarify this but would likely need an AP 501(c)(3) to employ people directly.
- Questions to ask LF:
	- Can we employ people in the future?
	- What are the exit conditions for the agreement with LF?
	- What are the specific processes for paying bills etc?
- ACTION: Tom and Antonis to schedule a subsequent 30 min meeting with LF to ask above questions and review contract initiated between AP and LF circa 1 year prior.
