# 2021-05-20 Exceptional TSC Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Dan Selman
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Michael Grover
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke
- Scott Nicholas - Linux Foundation
- Todd Benzies - Linux Foundation

## Apologies
- Peter Hunn

## Agenda


##### Sponsorship Packages [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- TSC thanked Scott and Todd for attending the meeting in order to discuss the "Accord Project Foundation - Directed Fund Participation Agreement"
- The TSC stated that the terms of the Agreement were generally accepted.  
- However, the TSC expressed a concern about the requirement that any company seeking to become an Accord Project Member must, in addition, be a Linux Foundation Member.
- The tiers of Linux Foundation Membership are:
  - LF Platinum: USD $500,000
  - LF Gold: USD $100,000
  - LF Silver: Under 100 employees: USD $5,000; 100-499 employees: USD  $10,000; 500-4,999 employees: USD $15,000; 5,000 or more employees: USD $20,000.
  - LF Associate membership is available for non-profit, open source, and government entities at no cost.
- Therefore, except for existing Linux Foundation Members, any company seeking to become an Accord Project Member must first pay a minimum of USD $5000 to the Linux Foundation in order to establish their Linux Foundation Membership prior to joining the Accord Project.
- Some members of the TSC expressed a concern that this requirement may be a financial impediment to recruiting future Accord Project Members, and questioned its necessity given that Linux Foundation would also be levying a 9% fee on all funds collected. 
- Scott and Todd explained that this was a standard Linux Foundation requirement for all Linux Foundation Directed Fund projects and was part of their business model.
- Scott and Todd explained that this requirement was non-negotiable.
- Scott and Todd suggested that the Accord Project could accept funds from corporate sponsors without these entities becoming members.
- However, Scott and Todd explained, only Accord Project Members would have voting rights according to the governance procedures of the Accord Project.
- Meeting was adjourned pending a final discussion and vote at the next TSC Meeting on Thursday 27 May 2021.
