# 2021-08-26 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke
- Oliver Tod

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Three projects completed. All went well and all students were passed.
1. Template and Contract Signing (Sanket - Mentors: Jerome, Tom, Nikolay & Martin)
2. OOXML Transform (Kushal - Mentors: Dan and Aman)
3. AI/Machine Learning (Eason - Mentor: Niall)

Thank you to Matt (for organising) and all mentors for providing support and advice.

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- Currently trialling Discord (for about a week at time of TSC meeting).
- General consensus is positive.
- Able to migrate GitHub integrations from Slack to Discord.
- Inviting members is much simpler and not subject to links expiring.
- Similar user experience in Discord compared to Slack with equivalent channels replicated in Discord.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Migrate from Accord Project to Discord.
	- Provide two weeks notice
	- Archive Slack channels 
	- Actively decided **not** to send email blast, due to cost and lack of permission to send unsolicited emails.

##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation (renamed from "Sponsorship Packages") [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Funding portal now live and taking donations at: 
[https://crowdfunding.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/accordproject](https://crowdfunding.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/accordproject)
- Priority to make sure DNS is under appropriate control.
- Netlify and WordPress need to be migrated from Clause.io and into an Accord Project account.
- (Note: There have been some reliability issues with Netlify which might prompt us migrating to an alternative - to be discussed.)
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to do some investigation to find out who currently controls the DNS, and how to migrate Netlify to an Accord Project account.
	- WordPress may need to wait for time-being.
	- Reach out to current card holders to ask if they want to be reimbursed for current charges.


##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- OneNDA recently published their NDA.
- Short, two-page document.
- Consensus that it would be a good idea to create an NDA template within the Accord Project based on OneNDA.
- Would be good to have OneNDA link to the AP NDA template from their web site.
- **ACTION** 
	- Tom and Oliver to liaise and progress accordingly.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to follow up with Peter Hunn re: 1Password access.

##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- Have received clarification regarding ownership and now have all clear to migrate code to AP GitHub.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- Facebook page stale with old logo
- LinkedIn has current logo and links to AP web site.
- Do not know who controls these.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome/Martin to find out who controls FB and LinkedIn accounts.
	- Figure out how to refresh these with up to date logos etc.

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- Active work-in-progress following on GSoC project for Contract and Template signing.
- More details to follow as work continues.


### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 30 September 2021.
