# 2021-12-02 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Michael Grover
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to static site hosting [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5)
- No update since last meeting. Actions remain outstanding.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to liaise with Jerome and Matt to consider:
		- Netlify
		- Heroku
		- AWS
		- ???

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- No update since last meeting. Actions remain outstanding.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to follow-up as accord-qldb-lambda project progresses.

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)
- Niall updated us on a "Bill of Lading" use case he is working on with Peter and Dan. Work-in-progress. 

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- Sanket works continues. Work-in-progress.

##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Sponsorship document at: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/19eePzfYZYMDYoXNA6WCRmSkiV-BWXPD5JWyxZdXvQuE/edit#heading=h.2fk39zpebxf5](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19eePzfYZYMDYoXNA6WCRmSkiV-BWXPD5JWyxZdXvQuE/edit#heading=h.2fk39zpebxf5)
- Accord Project community feedback was positive.
- Agreed to move forward with Sponsorhsip Packages as detailed in above document.  
- To be published to Accord Project web site (Thank you Michael Grover!)
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to write blog article promoting Sponsorship packages.
	- Michael Grover to publish to AP web site.

##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Update from Tom Brooke.
- Meeting scheduled with OneNDA principals to discuss collaboration.
- **ACTION** 
	- Tom to report back following OneNDA meeting.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- Have no access to 1Password Account.
- **ACTION** 
	- Create a new 1Password account in order to reduce dependency. Jerome to action since has access to "admin@accordproject.org" account.
	
##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Pending - dependency on 1Password.

##### Proposal: Adding support for 'questionnaires' to Accord Project [Issue #31](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/31)
- Discussed at Tech WG level.
- Large requirement. Some work being done by beNEXT with JSON Schema to generate simple UIs.
- Work-in-progress

##### Google Summer of Code 2022 [Issue #32](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/32)
- Joelene provided update.
- Details in issue.
- GSoC has made a number of significant changes to the format which could provide more possibilities for how the Accord Project may want to participate.
- Recommend AP starts thinking about potential projects for GSoC.
- Based on last year, applications usually open late Jan / early Feb.
- **ACTION** 
	- Discuss at Tech WG call.
	- Encourage thinking about potential projects and who would be willing to do mentoring.

##### Smart Legal Contracts as a Standard [Issue #33](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/33)
- Oliver Tod and Martin Halford recently invited to join Standards Australia - IT-041-00-05 - Smart Contracts Working Group.
- Aim is to develop a standard for smart legal contracts within the Australian context.
- In addition, Martin has been invited to join the International Standards Organisation - ISO/TC 307/WG 3 - Legally binding smart contracts committee.
- Watch this space!

#### Code Contribution Guide [Link](https://accordproject.org/code-contribution-guide/)
- Jolene has written an article on how to contribute to the Accord Project.
- This article is a great place for new contributors to start.
- **ACTION** 
	- Michael to publish to AP web site.
	- Promote in Discord to new contributors.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 06 January 2022.
