# 2021-04-29 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Dan Selman
- Jerome Simeon
- Martin Halford
- Michael Grover
- Niall Roche
- Oliver Tod
- Peter Hunn
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Jolene Langlinais

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Student proposals have been received by AP mentors.
- Mentors have shortlisted proposals. 
- AP are submitting Project Slot requests for selected proposal to Google - due Monday, 3 May at 18:00 UTC.
- Google will then advise success of Project Slot requests on 17 May

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- No further updates since previous meeting.
- Need to still determine if monthly Invite link expiration still occurs under upgraded "Standard" plan. Suspect answer is "yes".
- Another Slack replacement option to consider is [https://orbit.love/](https://orbit.love/).
- Defer decision to next TSC meeting pending further info from discussions with Slack and investigations into Orbit.


##### Sponsorship Packages [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Peter Hunn presented the completed "Accord Foundation Participation Agreement and Funding Charter" agreement.
- Peter provided overview of proposed Membership terms, how these would contribute to funding as well as the costs involved.
- Oliver Tod raised question regarding legacy members - previously free. 
- General consensus that legacy members would need to sign up under the new agreement.
- Potential for some sort of "used by" or "friends of..." or "legacy members of..." list - participants of which would not receive the benefits of Premier, General or Accociate.
- Agreement document shared with TSC Members so TSC Members are able to review and raise any objections before 4pm ET on Monday 3 May.
- **MOTION** 
	- To execute the "Directed Fund Participation Agreement" under the Linux Foundation, subject to no objections being raised by TSC Members prior to 4pm US Eastern Time, Monday 3 May 2021. 
	- **CARRIED UNANIMOUSLY by TSC Members on call + Antonis in absentia**  


##### oneNDA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- No action required.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- **ACTION** 
	- Peter Hunn to provide Jerome with 1Password access.

##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- Peter mentioned there are a couple of minor issues to be cleared up on Clause side. 
- Specifically, items like copyright for fonts and some design elements of the site.
- Should be fine but will get an answer back within next week to 10 days.
- Once cleared, then transfer from Clause GitHub repo to AP GitHub repo relatively straight-forward.
- Jerome has created a target repo in AP GitHub and is ready to receive source code.
- Dan highlighted that the Accord Project web site does use a commercial WordPress plug-in at a cost of, circa, $30 per year to use.
- Therefore, AP web site won't be 100% open source but not a technical issue.
- **ACTION** 
	- Peter to chase legal clarifications and report accordingly.
- Once ownership is confirmed then relatively easy process to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Standardise approach to CI/CD [Issue #4](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/4)
- Jerome has completed all actions associated with this issue.
- All projects have been moved to GitHub Actions.
- One aspect of the Ergo CI/CD which is in a different system but no plans to migrate this.
- Issue closed.


### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 27 May 2021.
