# 2021-09-30 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Antonis Papatsaras


## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to static site hosting [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5)
- Jerome looking at creating an AP account in Netlify and possible alternatives.
- Martin to help decipher pricing plans for various services, and liaise with Jerome and Matt to determine best options.
- Could have production-grade and dev-grade options.
- Have had some performance issues with Netlify.
- Need a reliable hosting option for models, as these are used in production systems.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to liaise with Jerome and Matt to consider:
		- Netlify
		- Heroku
		- AWS
		- ???

##### Hosting for Accord Project Web Site [Issue #6](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/6)
- Hosting has been migrated. Done! :-)
- Issue closed.


##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- Still need to define the "Exit Criteria"
- Need to document process of Incubation project. 
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to follow-up as accord-qldb-lambda project progresses.

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)
- Recent work by Sanket on digitally signing templates and contract instances is is moving AP in this direction.
- No current obvious digital identity standard or service to integrate with.
- Current strategy is to follow through with the work Sanket is doing on SLC file format and signing SLC instances, and then (potentially) augment with digital identity service(s) as the need/requirement arises.
- (Teaser: Niall may have a use case starting shortly, based on NFTs.)

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- Sanket and Martin have been doing work on SLC file format.
- Have added `/signatures` folder in file structure and have added `state.json` to track instantiation, signing and other interactions performed on contract.
- Demo to be given at next Tech WG call on 06-Oct-2021

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- Migration to Discord complete.
- Issue closed.

##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- DNS registration and domain records controlled by Wordpress.com - therefore under AP management.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to follow up with Dan on credit card - update Ops Exp sheet.

##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Jerome has created a draft oneNDA template at: accordproject/cicero-template-library#397
- **ACTION** 
	- Tom and Oliver to liaise and progress accordingly.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Pending Peter Hunn coming back from leave.
	
##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- Have received clarification regarding ownership and now have all clear to migrate code to AP GitHub.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- Facebook page stale with old logo
- LinkedIn has current logo and links to AP web site.
- Do not know who controls these.
- **ACTION** 
	- Pending - once Password Management Issue [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22) resolved then will be able to move on this issue too.

##### Update AP web site re: Membership [Issue #30](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/30)
- Tom to start the ball rolling and discuss with Michael.
- Would be ideal to have additional admin support or developers to assist maintainers. 
- Therefore, funding via some sort of "Membership" option.
- General agreement that additional funding would be useful, particularly, for ongoing admin/maintenance work.
- **ACTION**
	- Tom to discuss with Michael.
	- TSC and community to decide membership "policy" and ability to raise funds. 
	- Continue discussion on Discord and revisit at next TSC meeting.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 30 September 2021.
