# 2021-10-28 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Dan Selman
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Jerome Simeon

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to static site hosting [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5)
- No update since last meeting. Actions remain outstanding.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to liaise with Jerome and Matt to consider:
		- Netlify
		- Heroku
		- AWS
		- ???

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- No update since last meeting. Actions remain outstanding.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to follow-up as accord-qldb-lambda project progresses.

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)
- Recent release of Cicero now incorporates signing of templates.
- Work still ongoing with SLC file format, which includes digital signing. Martin to update at next TSC meeting.
- Use case based on NFTs still progressing. Niall to update at next TSC meeting.
- @Dan highlighted work by W3C Decentralized Identifier (DID) specification.  Webinar on 03-November with title "Why The Web Needs Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs)â€”Even if Google, Apple, and Mozilla Object." [https://www.evernym.com/dids-webinar/](https://www.evernym.com/dids-webinar/) 

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- Sanket works continues. Have incorporated `State` and `History` into format.
- Updates to follow.

##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Jerome has created a Cicero template for the OneNDA agreement. 
- Technically no more work to do (at this stage).
- However, would be good to promote this initiative and partnership between Accord Project and OneNDA.
- **ACTION** 
	- Tom to reach out to OneNDA to arrange a joint blog post, or similar.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Pending Peter Hunn and Jerome to liase.
	
##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Pending - once Password Management Issue [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22) resolved then will be able to move on this issue too.

##### Update AP web site re: Membership [Issue #30](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/30)
- Updates completed by Michael.
- Issue closed.

##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Discussed "Sponsorship Packages".
- Sponsorship document at: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/19eePzfYZYMDYoXNA6WCRmSkiV-BWXPD5JWyxZdXvQuE/edit#heading=h.2fk39zpebxf5](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19eePzfYZYMDYoXNA6WCRmSkiV-BWXPD5JWyxZdXvQuE/edit#heading=h.2fk39zpebxf5)
- Decided to publish above document to Accord Project community for feedback.
- Then, depending on Accord Project community feedback, publish Sponsorship packages to AP web ste.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to present Sponsorship document at next Tech WG call and request community feedback.
	- Depending on Accord Project community feedback, Dan offerred to help publish this to AP web site.

##### Proposal: Adding support for 'questionnaires' to Accord Project [Issue #31](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/31)
- Raised by Oliver Tod.
- To be discussed at Tech WG level.
- No actions at this time.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 02 December 2021 - in lieu of Thanksgiving in US.
