# 2021-05-27 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche

## Apologies
- Tom Brooke
- Dan Selman
- Peter Hunn

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Has kicked off and number of mentor / student meetings held.
- Some administrative questions regarding mentor payments from Google. 
- Suggested Clause.io collect GSoC mentor payments on behalf of the Accord Project.

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- No possibility of receiving free upgrade from Slack. All avenues exhausted.
- No further details regarding Orbit.
- Need a "champion" to do the work of migrating from Slack to Discord or Orbit or some other platform.
- At the moment, with GSoC etc. taking time, decision to postpone decision until a future meeting.


##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation (renamed from "Sponsorship Packages") [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Following on from the [2021-05-20 Exceptional TSC Meeting](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/blob/master/Meeting%20Notes/2021-04-29.md), all TSC Members expressed approval to proceed with executing the "Directed Fund Participation Agreement" under the Linux Foundation.
- @martinhalford commented that it should not be the Accord Project's role to police Accord Project Member's Linux Foundation Membership.
- **MOTION**
To execute the "Directed Fund Participation Agreement" under the Linux Foundation.
**CARRIED UNANIMOUSLY** by TSC Members on call + Tom Brooke in absentia
- TSC delegated Tom Brooke to initiate signing of agreement with the Linux Foundation. (Thanks Tom!)


##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- On hold while Peter on leave.
- **ACTION** 
	- Peter Hunn to provide Jerome with 1Password access.

##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- On hold while Peter on leave.
- **ACTION** 
	- Peter to chase legal clarifications and report accordingly.
- Once ownership is confirmed then relatively easy process to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 24 June 2021.
