# 2021-03-25 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Michael Grover
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Update by Jolene, referred to updates in issue detailing mentor requirements etc.
- Process of selecting candidates and projects starting the following week.
- Potential mentors to express their ideas to prospective students at next Tech WG call. 
- Mentors to review submissions via GSoC portal.

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- No communication from Slack about potential upgrade for free due to AP's not-for-profit nature.
- Antonis volunteered to make one last attempt to reach out to Slack.
- Main feature AP needs is to not have a user cap in order to make it easier for people to join.
- Currently AP can only invite members via a "Group" invite which expires every 30 days,
- Otherwise, may be worth considering Discord.
- Will need to consider effort and process of moving from Slack to Discord.
- Agreed to postpone decision until next TSC meeting.
- If AP was upgraded to "Standard" plan for free, then AP would be limit to 250 Active Users. Subsequent users would be at 85% of retail cost.  
- Cost would be $1.95 per users above the 250 active users for standard "free" tier.
- Likely that the "Group" expiration limit would still exist even after free upgrade due to security reasons. 
- **ACTION** 
	- Antonis to see if he can find out as much information as possible via his contacts at Slack.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jolene to look into Discord limitations (if any).


##### Sponsorship Packages [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Antonis & Tom provided an update.
- Regarding Linux Foundation Membership model 
	- Expenses:
		- LF entity receives invoices from suppliers who pay on AP's behalf.
		- AP approvers board approves expenses.
	- Employees:
		- Can employee AP staff under LF Membership Model as "subsidiary" entity.
		- LF would handle legal liabilities of disputes.
		- LF also have their own staff that can be deployed to AP as employees (e.g. Admin staff) at about 1.4x market rate.
		- LF can allocate resources as low as 25% full-time utilisation.
	- Exit clause:
		- AP commits to 1 year then reverts to a month-to-month arrangement.
	- Fee:
		- 9% of funds raised.
- Suggest that the next step is to review the contract that was drafted a year or so back with a view to AP using LF Membership Model

- **MOTION** 
	- That AP proceeds with contract negotiations with Linux Foundation subject to final approval by TSC and AP Governing Board.
	- **CARRIED UNANIMOUS**

- **ACTION**
	- Begin negotiations with LF, and involve Peter Hunn and Dan Selman.

##### oneNDA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Tom provided update.
- Tom had a general conversation with Electra - oneNDA Co-founder.
- Won't have an NDA until June.
- Curious about what Accord Project is doing and vice versa.
- Could publish an open-source NDA in AP Template Library.
- Left open and agreed to stay in contact.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome volunteered to setup some sort of password management system/process and investigate access control limitations for systems such as GitHub.

##### Google Season of Docs [Issue #23](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/23)
- AP doesn't have resources to engage in this initiative.
- Submission due date March 26, 2021 (i.e. tomorrow)
- Close issue and reconsider in 2022.

##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- Michael provided context.
- WordPress site developed by design agency a number of years ago.
- Issue is that site is difficult to change. Only Clause have edit permission.
- Edits can only be made via WordPress CMS Login.
- Jerome - specific issue is that the web site is only AP asset not managed under AP GitHub. (NB: Code is on GitHub but in private Clause repo.)
- There is also a question on whether AP own IP assets in web site. 
- **ACTION** 
	- Michael to check on who owns assets.
- Once ownership is confirmed the relatively easy process to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.


### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 30 April 2021.
