# 2021-06-24 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Antonis Papatsaras

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Students and mentors gavce presentations at Tech WG Meeting on Wed June 23rd.
- Presentations were high quality from all three (3) projects.

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- Issue remains unresolved with clunky work-around still in place.
- No "champion" to implement replacement at this time.
- To be reviewed at next month's TSC meeting.


##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation (renamed from "Sponsorship Packages") [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Tom Brooke provided further clarity on current status of the Accord Project within the Linux Foundation.
- As the Accord Project is already a member of the Linux Foundation is already a 'Series LLC'.
- This means that the Accord Project can immediately start receiving funds via the CrowdFunding Model.
- Dan Selman / Tom have setup a Crowd Funding campaign via the LF Crowd Funding portal.
- Once AP is able to attract potential Members then these can formally signup according to the LF/AP Membership Agreement and begin contributing funds.  
- LF recommends having a number of members - ideally 2-3+ companies.
- In the meantime, AP can begin receiving funds via the Crowd Funding portal and begin reimbursement of expenses accordingly.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Determine credit cards in use. @martinhalford
	- Determine which credit cards to use going forward.
	- @tbrooke to login to CrowdFunding portal and finalise that setup.
	- Seek operating cash via CrowdFunding.
	- Seek Members.


##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- No change since last meeting.
- On hold while Peter on leave.
- **ACTION** 
	- Peter Hunn to provide Jerome with 1Password access.

##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- No change since last meeting.
- On hold while Peter on leave.
- **ACTION** 
	- Peter to chase legal clarifications and report accordingly.
- Once ownership is confirmed then relatively easy process to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- @jeromesimeon has been excellent progress on issue and provided update.
- Details can be seen via [Create a contract Instance directly from an archive #677](https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/issues/677) and [refactor(core) Clearer separation between contract template and contract instance #676](https://github.com/accordproject/cicero/pull/676) 

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 30 July 2021.
