# 2021-02-25 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Michael Grover
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to CI/CD [Issue #4](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/4)
- Strategy decided.
- Role of maintainers to implement.

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- No action required. 
- Open PR exists relating to embedding Accord meta data inside an PDF.
- Lot of interest in this still. 
- Candidate project for GSoC

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Application has been submitted for Accord Project to be a host organisation for students as part of GSoC.
- If the application is accepted, Students will apply for an internship with the Accord Project over the summer. 

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- Have communicated with Slack re: Accord being eligible for a free upgrade to their "Standard" plan as a nonprofit organisation.
- Likely that Accord Project will not qualify as, historically, Slack has insisted on 501(c) status for US based organisations.
- Accord Project currently has 1000+ registered Slack users but onky 48 active Slack users.
- Unfortunately Slack licencing doesn't differentiate between active and inactive Slack users.
- May need to look at other options (e.g. Discord etc.) if Slack are unwilling to provide a free uprade. 

##### Sponsorship Packages [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- In order for the Accord Project to offer sponsorhip packages then first need to be able to manage its own finances.
- Detailed explanation by Antonis on different ways Accord Project can be financially independent.
	1. Crowdfunding - ability to seek funds from individuals on an ad hoc basis based on funding goals and expensing costs against money raised.
	2. Own non-profit legal entity - fully incorportated with 501(c)(3) charity status. LegalZoom offer a service to help manage this entity on our behalf (Initally $1500 plus $300 annually). Will take 3 months to setup. Can become complicated and take longer to setup if the amount of money being raised exceeds $50,000.
	3. Umbrella bank account service via Linux Foundation - need more information. Reaching out to LF for more details.
- Discussed pros and cons of various options based on current understandings.
- Key requirement is that, for whatever option selected, it is long-term and can be easily managed by future TSC members.
- ACTION: Reach out to LF (Antonis), followup with Dan S and Peter H re: previous attempts at setting up entity and continue discussions on Slack.

##### oneNDA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Initiative to standardise NDA.
- Could be an intiative that the Accord Project might want to contribute to, as a way to generate interest - as NDA as ubiquitous.
- ACTION: Tom to investigate and report back.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- Need to setup password management so multiple people can manage/maintain various systems, as necessary, and for business continuity.
- At the moment, a few individuals have admin access to certain AP systems. If anything were to happen while these individuals were unavailable, then systems issues may remain unresolved.
- ACTION: Jerome volunteered to setup some sort of password management system/process and investigate access control limitations for systems such as GitHub.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 25 March 2021.
