# 2021-07-29 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Antonis Papatsaras

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Google Summer of Code [Issue #16](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/16)
- Very good progress by all three students so far.
- As GSoC now inside final month or so of project, recommendation to mentors to focus on final coding tasks, documentation and hand-over to maintainers etc. for post GSoC.

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- Work-in-progress alongside GSoC project for Contract and Template signing.

##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation (renamed from "Sponsorship Packages") [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Tom Brooke has been working with Dan Selman to setup the Crowd Funding portal.  Largely complete.
- TSC agreed to finalise the LF Crowd Funding Portal a.s.a.p. so that this can be published and contributors can start donating money.
- Conscious that there are already some expenses that are pending reimbursement.
- A arbitary Crowd Funding target of $10,000 was plucked out of the air.
- TSC may need to decide other levels or tiers.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Tom Brooke to liaise with Dan Selman to finalise setup and publication of Crowd Funding Portal a.s.a.p.

##### Inviting People to Slack [Issue #18](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/18)
- As Slack has now decreased expiry time of invite links from 1 month to 3 days then the ongoing manually resetting of this is no longer tenable.
- TSC agreed to begin engaging Accord Project community with proposal to migrate from Slack to Discord, following the play book written by Orbit.love, which completed the process recently.
- TSC understands that some community members will have firm opinions on migrating from Slack to Discord or any other platform.
- Although TSC thinks, based on research, that Discord is the most sensible replacement for Slack, if the community can provide an altenate option which is a better fit then this is decision is open to change.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to create:
		- List of Actions/Tasks for migration with proposed timings
		- Document for community engagement
		- Above to be shared with TSC for feedback prior to wider engagement with community.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to follow up with Peter Hunn re: 1Password access.

##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to follow up with Peter Hunn re: legal clarifications.
	- Once ownership is confirmed then relatively easy process to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.


### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 26 August 2021.
