# 2022-02-24 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Antonis Papatsaras

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to static site hosting [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5)
- Jerome reported that the new static hosted web sites have been used for builds and for testing, and all working well. Have not noticed any dwnload timeout errors which used to happen when previously hosted on Netlify.
- Need to create "mappings" from old urls to new urls, for easier updation of README files and Github boilerplate templates.
- - **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to create "mappings".
	- README's etc to be updated over time.

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- On pause

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)
- On pause

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- On pause

##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- **ACTION** 
	- Tom to followup with OneNDA

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome following up with Peter Hunn.
		
##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- New PR raised on new (private) accordproject.org repo - code for marketing site. Wordpress.
- Not all code inside template is open source therefore private repo. Can use proprietary code but cannot distribute it.
- PR to be merged and access rights to be setup - including Michael.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to migrate code to AP GitHub as private repo.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- On pause

##### Proposal: Adding support for 'questionnaires' to Accord Project [Issue #31](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/31)
- On pause


##### Google Summer of Code 2022 [Issue #32](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/32)
- Project ideas list created.
- Application submitted by Matt.
- March 7 application should be accepted.

##### Smart Legal Contracts as a Standard [Issue #33](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/33)
- Alongside the issue of a standard format for smart legal contracts, companies could also benefit from a library of open source, standard legal schemas or models for SLCs.
- This idea is being promoted via the https://legalschema.org initiative, alongside https://lawtechuk.io - which is an initiative started by @peterhunn
- Open discussion regarding this initiative and how the Accord Project can help drive acceptance and adoption.
- TSC expressed interest in viewing the recently drafted ISO document "TC 307 / WG3".
- **ACTION** 
	- Martin to enquire if ISO document open to public review yet, or not.

##### TSC Public Elections 2022 [Issue #34](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/34)
- TSC elections due later this year.
- Recommend to follow similar process to previous election in 2020. 
- [ ] Schedule date for 2022 TSC elections
- [ ] Notify community
- [ ] Accept nominations
- [ ] Vote!
- [ ] Handover

Link to previous TSC Elections in 2020: [Issue #2](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/2)

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 24 March 2022.
