# 2022-03-31 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Dan Selman
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Niall Roche
- Tanya Chhabra
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Jerome Simeon

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to static site hosting [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5)
- Mappings documented in issue, as requested from last month.
- Issue closed.

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- On pause

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)
- On pause

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- On pause

##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Waiting on response from OneNDA. @tbrooke following up.
- DocuSign interested in being involved with standard NDA agreement.
- **ACTION** 
	- @tbrooke and @anton1s to sync up offline and discuss accordingly.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- **ACTION** 
	- As @jeromesimeon on leave, @dselman to ping @peterhunn to follow up.
		
##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- All tasks done therefore issue closed.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- On pause

##### Proposal: Adding support for 'questionnaires' to Accord Project [Issue #31](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/31)
- On pause


##### Google Summer of Code 2022 [Issue #32](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/32)
- The Accord Project was unsuccessful in being accepted to the Google Summer of Code for 2022.
- However, DocuSign and beNEXT have both committed to contributing USD $3,000 each, being USD $6,000 in total, in order to fund an "Accord Project Summer of Code" (working-title).
- Based on the GSoC format, this would be equivalent to 2 large projects or 4 small projects.
- Suggested that we follow the same format and process that Google uses for the Google Summer of Code, and replicate this for the APSoC.
- However, main question is: how do we promote the fact that AP is running a "Summer of Code" event and attract contributors.
- AP has attracted a few hundred members to the AP Discord channel with a percentage of these people expressing interest in being involved in the AP GSoC event.  We can, therefore, promote the APSoC event to these people via Discord.
- We can also advertise the APSoC on the AP web site and ask community members to promote this via social media and personal referrals. 
- **ACTION** 
	- Announce decision to community via Tech WG call and via web site.
	- @martinhalford to reach out to @mttrbrts to determine if he is willing to help continue running the process from an administrative perspective.
	- Encourage people to continue contributing to ["Ideas" document.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ocx1-mkRadAoeikGkeOOdsMPCqmbmOnIrF1IJRX-8mc/edit)

##### Smart Legal Contracts as a Standard [Issue #33](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/33)
- ISO has drafted a "ISO/TC 307 TS 23259" document titled "Blockchain and distributed ledger technologies â€” Legally binding smart contracts" which is currently under internal review.
- This document is very skewed towards ways to enable "ethereum-based" smart contracts to be legally binding.
- Once this document is made public then it can be shared with the AP community.

##### TSC Public Elections 2022 [Issue #34](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/34)
- TSC elections due later this year.
- Need to appoint a voting officer / committee to manage the process independently.
- **ACTION** 
	- @Put out notice to community stating that TSC elections will be conducted later in the year and we are looking for a couple of volunteers to help run that process.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 28 April 2022.
