# 2022-01-27 Meeting Notes

## Attendees
- Jerome Simeon
- Jolene Langlinais
- Martin Halford
- Tom Brooke

## Apologies
- Antonis Papatsaras
- Niall Roche

## Agenda

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

Minutes of previous meeting noted - no discussion.

### Review of Open Issues

##### Standardise approach to static site hosting [Issue #5](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/5)
- Due to potential issues with scalability, was decided that AP needs to migrate off of Netlify for static web site hosting.
- An Amazon Web Services account was created for the Accord Project and credentials shared between Jerome, Matt and Martin.
- The following services have been configured within AWS:
	- S3 web hosting buckets
	- CloudFront CDN endpoints
- In addition, GitHub actions have been created for the respective repos to build and deploy the static web sites to their respective S3 buckets, when changes are pushed to their `master` branches.
- At the time of meeting, this had been done for:
	- **templates.accordproject.org** [http://templates.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com](http://templates.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com)
	- **models.accordproject.org** [http://models.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com](http://models.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com)
	- **docs.accordproject.org** [http://docs.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com](http://docs.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com) 
- Static web sites to be added are:
	- **studio.accordproject.org** [http://studio.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com](http://studio.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com)
	- **templatemark-dingus.accordproject.org** [http://templatemark-dingus.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com](http://templatemark-dingus.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com)
	- **web-components.accordproject.org** [http://web-components.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com](http://web-components.accordproject.org.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com)
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to implement remaining three (3) static web sites.
	- Matt and Martin to liase on creating SSL certificates and making necessary DNS changes in order to create fully-qualified domain names.
	- These are:
		- [https://templates.accordproject.org](https://templates.accordproject.org)
		- [https://models.accordproject.org](https://models.accordproject.org)
		- [https://docs.accordproject.org](https://docs.accordproject.org)
		- [https://studio.accordproject.org](https://studio.accordproject.org)
		- [https://templatemark-dingus.accordproject.org](https://templatemark-dingus.accordproject.org)
		- [https://web-components.accordproject.org](https://web-components.accordproject.org)
	- Test to ensure functional parity.

##### Incubation process for new projects [Issue #12](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/12)
- No update since last meeting. Actions remain outstanding.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Martin to follow-up as accord-qldb-lambda project progresses.

##### Identity management and digital certs [Issue #13](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/13)
- Niall updated us on a "Bill of Lading" use case he is working on with Peter and Dan. Work-in-progress. 

##### Document format for Accord Project contracts [Issue #14](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/14)
- Jerome recently merged Sanket's code into the `poc-slc` branch.
- Work-in-progress.

##### Linux Foundation Directed Fund Participation [Issue #19](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/19)
- Blog article written - to be published.
- **ACTIONS** 
	- Publish blog and circulate on social media.
	- Issue to then be closed.

##### OneDNA Membership [Issue #21](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/21)
- Update from Tom Brooke.
- Pursue some sort of joint marketing.
- **ACTION** 
	- Tom to report back following OneNDA meeting.

##### Password Management [Issue #22](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/22)
- Have no access to 1Password Account.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome following up with Peter Hunn.
		
##### Make the Marketing Web Site Open Source [Issue #28](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/28)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Jerome to migrate code to AP GitHub repo.

##### Accord Project Facebook & LinkedIn Pages [Issue #29](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/29)
- No change since last meeting.
- **ACTION** 
	- Pending - dependency on 1Password.

##### Proposal: Adding support for 'questionnaires' to Accord Project [Issue #31](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/31)
- Discussed at Tech WG level.
- Large requirement. Some work being done by beNEXT with JSON Schema to generate simple UIs.
- Work-in-progress

##### Google Summer of Code 2022 [Issue #32](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/32)
- Has been discussed during Tech WG calls.
- Project ideas being collected.
- **ACTION** 
	- Discuss at Tech WG call.
	- Encourage thinking about potential projects and who would be willing to do mentoring.

##### Smart Legal Contracts as a Standard [Issue #33](https://github.com/accordproject/technical-steering-committee/issues/33)
- Recent ISO Meeting (ISO/TC 307/WG 3) to discuss draft Smart Contracts standard.
- Very much influenced by existing "smart contracts" used by blockchains, such as Ethereum, and ways to make them legally enforceable.
- Accord Project smart legal contract instances would comply.
- Watch this space!
- Issue paused.

### Next TSC Meeting
 
- The next TSC Meeting will be Thursday 24 February 2022.
